Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the Tim
Dylan Show. We are here in Las Vegas at
the SiriusXM
studio. We
like uh these people. I was going to say
we love them, but we we like them. We
have a strong like, which is enough. I
think that's enough.
And um and uh they let us use the studio
and we are very grateful. and you should
use it if you're at the win encore.
Um, which I have almost only positive
things to say about the win and the
encore. Almost
showing their age a little bit. Yes.
Is the, you know, is the service where
it was when it opened? No.
Um, the front desk
that you have to walk down after 1:00
a.m. or something. and they won't talk
to you on a physical like they won't
talk to you on a phone. I don't get
that.
But that is not as important as the
pedophile cannibal ring that runs the
world. I think I mean that is true. My
gripes with the wind are small
compared to
the pedophile cannibal ring that does
seem to be
running the world. And I think it has uh
and we appreciate everybody who listened
to the last episode and we tried to
contextualize
what's happening. It's difficult now for
example, you know, you look at the the
Kirk thing, right? Remember that? You
look at that and you try to zoom out and
go, "All right,
tragic death on its face. We don't. We
see a furry,
the furry's boyfriend. I think, okay,
then we zoom out. We go, "Wait, the
wife's weird. Something up with the
wife. The organization's weird.
Something's up with them."
You know, three weeks after the guy's
dead, she's out there with sparklers.
You know, they're doing Circus Ole.
Something's off. Something's weird.
Now we find out like
the wife is it's beyond weird. It's
creepy.
And there's a very good chance that this
woman was his handler. That he was this
powerful
young guy
who raised a lot of money for a a lot of
people and took a lot of money from a
lot of people and and money's never
free.
So you think about it, you say you have
this, how do you how do you direct a guy
like that who's incredibly important?
He's running the largest young voter,
you know, registration
uh organization. He's handling large
sums of money. He's out there sculpting
narrative as it regards to domestic and
foreign policy. So you have a handler
who comes in and she may have loved him.
I'm sure she loved him. Why wouldn't a
handler love her husband?
Because even though she was his msad
handler and probably had him killed, no
marriage is perfect. None. Not one ma.
No marriage is perfect. Truly,
no marriage is perfect. There's no
marriage that is perfect. She may have
been his handler and they came to her
one day and said, "He found out you're
his handler."
Or she might have told them. She might
have said, "Listen, we got problems.
This guy, and I'm not the only one
saying this, don't kill me. I there I'm
saying we're not breaking news here.
We're not breaking ground. We're
reviewing.
WE'RE ANALYZING. WE'RE LIKE BEHIND THE
EIGHTBALL.
This woman may have said called someone
up and said, "We got bad news here.
this guy found all the laundered money
and now he knows I'm his handler and he
thinks that invalidates the marriage
because I'm uh his handler and
they were like, "Can we do anything
about it? Is there is there anything we
can do here?" And she goes, "I don't
know." And then they go, "Well, you
know, we might have to, you know,"
and she cried and she was sad.
Whatever. And I'm not saying any of that
happened. I'm saying that's more
reasonable
than what kind of we're being told.
That's all. That's more reasonable than
what we're being told. That's all in my
in my in my book. Something was deeply
off there. In the same way that all the
people that are defending, all the
people that are saying that like these
files don't show a trafficking ring or
they don't show anything and that
everybody's overreacting and that nobody
this is a moral panic and people don't
understand what's going on to me
are either doing that being willfully
um
disingenuous for whatever reason or
they're they've gone they've gone mad.
They've gone like crazy. And that's
okay, too. These are thousands and
thousands and thousands of pages of
documents.
Why would an F why would the FBI have a
case?
Why would there be thousands of pages of
documents in a case
where nothing happened?
It seemed really weird if nothing
happened. all of these women for years
had just been wrongly accusing
all of these powerful people. So, it
seems it seems like it would be a bit
strange
that that was the case, but there's a
lot of people out there that are saying
it's not a big deal.
Pam Bondi,
you got to remember Pam Bondi is from
Florida.
She was uh I believe the attorney
general of the state of Florida. She's
way in over her head. I feel bad for
her. She's like a real housewife. She's
not supposed to be doing this.
They all get in there and they all
think, you know, they all go, "Oh, we're
going to we're going to Justice is
here."
You know, like the Avengers are here.
Her and Cash and Bino, he's already back
to podcasting. It's in under a year.
She has no idea what's going on. She
gets in there and and and and and these
these
these people are all unprepared.
They're all unprepared
for what is about to happen. They don't
know. She doesn't know what's about to
happen. She has no idea. And then
they're given a choice. They're like,
"You're you are
you're involved now in this cover up.
This is you. This is on you. You're in
it with us." Case Patel is in it because
he's like probably being, you know, he's
another one's being handled. He's
another one that's being either
controlled to some degree. He's lying.
He's He knows. So Pam Bondi, let's look
again. And I'm not saying Cash Patel's
girlfriend's doing it, but others have.
Take a look at Cash Patel's girlfriend.
Some people have said that. I've never
said it, and I never would because he's
he's been ligious about that. They've
sued you. If you've said this very
talented country singer is some type of
tool to control cash battal, you get
sued. So I don't want to get sued and I
don't believe that. I believe it's a
relationship based on love. Now moving
on. Pam Bondi here she is crashing out
as the kids would say. Crashing out
about why she has not indicted any of
the billionaires, kings, prime
ministers, ex-presidents that are on the
Epstein list. Now, we know the answer to
that. Um, the answer to that is that
she's she's not able to. She's told
she's not allowed to. And she herself,
what does she want to pick a fight with?
Uh, Sultan, whoever. I was so worried
that that was the guy that owns the
hotel that I stay at that. I was really
worried because the the guy who owns a
Beverly Hills Hotel, which I love and I
stay at, but also I go I go to lunch
here all the time, he was the sultan,
but it's not him. It's not him. And if I
had found out
that this the owner of the hotel that I
love was torturing people, it would have
been a real
moral quandry for me about whether or
not I would would should go there
because I I don't like when people get
tortured
obviously, but there's not but I don't
love the Four Seasons over there. I
don't love it. And I think they're it.
They're the top hotel.
So then I'd have to be in my car going,
"Well, if I don't go to this hotel,
I mean, does that result in people not
getting tort?" Like, it doesn't, you
know what I mean? Like, it doesn't seem
to make
So, let's take a look at Pam Bondi again
here. Pam Bondi, this is her. And none
of these people can keep their cool
because they're under tremendous
pressure, you know, and I'm not
defending any of them, but they're under
tremendous pressure because
the things that are in these documents
are go will unravel governments. So,
let's take a look here at uh Pam Bondi.
>> The Dow The Dow right now is over the
Dow is over $50,000. I don't know why
you're laughing. You're a great stock
trader as I hear Raskin. The Dow is over
50,000
right now. The S&P at almost 7,000
and the NASDAQ smashing records.
Americans 401ks and retirement savings
are booming. That's right. That's what
we should.
>> Who cares if we kidnap their children?
What does IT MATTER? WHO CARES that we
kidnapped the Dow is up.
The Dow's up. Who cares you? We snatched
your kids and took them to an island to
abuse them. The Dao is up. So what?
So what? We're part of an ancient blood
cult. The Dow is up.
So what? We perform uh sacrifices to to
deities so that we can have their power.
The Dow is tough.
You know what the NASDAQ's doing?
The blue chips, THE S&P 500. WHY DON'T
YOU SHUT YOUR MOUTH ABOUT the kids that
we abducted and sacrificed so we can we
can please uh Lucifer
or Bal?
SO WHAT? THE DOW IS UP. SO WHAT? WE
WORSHIP BALL.
MAYBE YOU SHOULD THANK BAL FOR THE DOW
BEING UP 50,000.
YOU'RE A pretty good stock trader,
Rascin,
from what I hear. MAYBE INSTEAD OF
ANGERING BALL, YOU THANK BALL.
THANK BALL FOR WHAT HE'S done for
American 401ks.
BALL. BALL HAS DONE MORE FOR THE S&P 500
than Joe Biden did.
Joe Biden didn't do anything FOR THE S&P
500. WE HAD TO GO TO MULLIK AND BALL.
That's Pam Bondi telling everyone to
thank Bal.
the demon ball for the S&P 500 and don't
worry about your CHILD SACRIFICES. BUT
BY THE WAY, THAT'S KIND of what she's
saying.
It's actually what she's saying. Now,
she's not articulating it as as as
intelligently as I am. She frankly
doesn't have the ability.
What she's saying is that Moolik and Bal
are protecting the American economy
and that if we have to sacrifice a few
people, it's not the end of the world.
And if you keep making it a big deal, if
you keep prattling on about these
disappeared women and children,
you're going to anger the gods of the
stock market.
That's what Pam Bondi is saying. The
gods that we worship are of the stock
market.
A lot of pedophiles in the world, very
few of them have what I have behind me,
which is a temple
on the side of the island. Temple.
Let's watch the rest, please. Let's see
the rest of uh this Pam Bondi clip where
this again is the um Attorney General
Pam Bondi, friend of the show, reminding
Congress that it is not Joe Biden and
Camala Harris
um or Donald Trump or the chairman of
the Fed. It is Bal. It is the entity Bal
and Moolak who protect the American
economy. Here she is.
>> We should be talking about making
Americans safe. That's right. We should
be talking about what does a DAO have to
do with anything? That's what they just
asked. Are you kidding?
>> Mr. Jordan, am I Mr. JORDAN?
>> ARE YOU KIDDING? Are you kidding? What
does Moolik have to do with the Dow? Are
you nuts?
You're asking what Moolik, the god of
child sacrifices to do with the Dao? The
Dao is fake. You know it's fake. FINANCE
IS FAKE. IT'S WHAT we say it is. It's
only to please ball.
I mean,
what does the D have to do with ball?
Everything.
Um, but
Helix, I cannot say enough about Helix.
Everyone who visits me says, "Wow, these
guest room mattresses are so great." And
it's because of Helix. Rest easy with
seamless returns and exchanges. Helix is
the most awarded winning mattress brand.
It's tested and reviewed by experts like
Ford and Wired. And if you don't like
it, you have 120 night sleep trial and a
limited lifetime warranty. A new study
found that 82% of those involved saw an
increase in their deep sleep cycle while
sleeping on a Helix mattress. I've had
my Helix mattresses for years. My sleep
is the best it's ever been. I the I like
the Midnight Deluxe, but you got to take
the little Helix quiz and it'll tell you
what's good for you. Helix.com/timd.
That's h e l iix slee p.comd27%
off sitewide. That's exclusive for
listeners of the Tim Dylan podcast. 27%
off sitewide. Exclusive for listeners of
the Tim Dylan podcast. Pretty amazing.
Here's here's the thing, too. I want to
just go go into the Savannah Guthrie
thing for a minute here.
I don't know what's going on with the
Guthrie family. I hope her mother comes
back alive. I don't know what's
happening. This is why I have not
weighed in on it. Can you get up this
video with Savannah Guthrie and the
family here?
Who kidnaps an old person? Nobody wants
an old person. Nobody even wants the old
people they have.
Nobody even wants an old person that
lives in their home. We as a society in
Japan and stuff like Italy, they they
keep the old people in the house till
they die. They look at us like barbaric
and inhumane because we take our old
people and we put them in um horrible
nursing homes and they do fight clubs
with them. We don't even want old
people. Nobody wants them. Nobody wants
them. Nobody wants an old person. Why
would you abduct an old? And by the way,
I love old people. I I I'm just saying
this is the way it is sadly in our
society. Nobody Nobody's like going
crazy for the old people. Jeffrey
Epstein wasn't abducting old people. So,
this seems like weird that this elderly
woman is abducted.
And I don't know. I'm not judging them.
I don't want to judge people that make
ransom videos, although I feel like none
of them are doing it effectively. But
here we are. Savannah Guthrie and her
family discussing here um this horrible
thing about her mother. I hope her
mother comes back. Let's see. Here it
is.
>> This morning, an emotional plea from
Savannah Guthrie and her family.
>> We want to thank all of you for the
prayers for our beloved mom, Nancy.
We feel them.
>> Via social media, the Today's Show host
pleading for the safe return of her
mother, Nancy, who police say was taken
from her Tucson home. She was last seen
around 9:45 Saturday night.
>> Our mom is our heart and our home.
>> This is terrible. All right, enough with
this. But it is sad. I don't know what's
going on. I don't understand it. They're
saying it's an inside thing and the I
don't know, the brother-in-law or
something. I don't know. I'm not going
to go. We've We've got too much to do
here.
We hope she comes back and we hope she
comes back in one piece, which is a
gruesome way to say it, but that is what
people say. You hope she's back in one
piece, really. I mean, I don't
understand.
I don't understand what exactly
uh happened. I don't know who would do
this or why anyone would take an old
person and
I guess hold her for ransom.
Now, there's some there's some
uncomfortable stuff happening right now
as well on the foreign policy side
because the Epstein files are exposing
uh a lot of people don't want fully
unredacted files because they say that
it will expose
national security
secrets. And um if we have the rest of
the files and then if we unredact some
of these files, we will have national
security issues. meaning that
Jeffrey Epstein, who was not running a
trafficking ring, of course, that was
told to us, um, but yet is somehow mixed
up in national security
to the extent that an these unredacted
files would cause like a title wave of
problems for intelligence agencies and
governments. But again, the guy that
like wasn't doing anything somehow was
doing something. Um, so a lot of people
are basically
um saying that we don't we don't want
any of this to come out because it could
be damaging to maybe existing
relationships that the United States of
America has. I don't know.
Particularly with Russia, which is our
greatest ally and has been for a very
long time. Russia is very close with the
United States of America. Most of our
congressmen go on trips to Russia. Uh
Russia's uh uh uh Ray Ray Pac is
massively
influential in American politics. Ray
Rayak, the Russian-American
uh funding, you know, Ray Pac, we all we
we're all criticizing Ray Pac all the
time. And you know, Putin's been here
seven times, visited the Oval Office
since Trump was elected. Um, we just,
again, it's just we have tons of laws in
America right now being proposed to
limit anti-Russian speech. So, I g I get
it. You know, the mayor of Miami is a
Russian and, you know, had the police
show, but at a woman's house who said
something about Russia. It's weird. We
have a weird relationship with Russia.
You know, Russia spends a lot of money.
um you know um uh Olga uh Olga um uh
Ivanova
who's a uh very who owns a Dallas
Mavericks very powerful uh lives in
Russia parttime and America part time
Trump actually joked she might like
Russia better than America was like a
big it was a bet she is actually
spending tons and tons of money in a
Kentucky House race so that Thomas
Massie can't get elected because and
what is Thomas Massie doing that's so
disturbing to the Olga, the Russian
oligarch. Uh it's that he's wants the
Epsian files released. So you you have
to imagine it's damaging to Russia
because a Russian oligarch is dumping
tons of money into a Kentucky Senate
race so that Thomas Massie can't win
because he's running partially on the
platform of transparency for Epstein
victims and and uh consequences for the
perpetrators of of these horrible
crimes.
So, so I think that is obvious to most
people that something is going on. So
maybe that's one of the reasons that
people don't want these files unredacted
is because it will it will damage our
rel our very close, uniquely close,
historically close relationship with
Russia. We fund Russia. We give Russia
money to fight a lot of wars. Russia
has, you know, potentially influence our
foreign policy uh to prioritize wars
that maybe weren't great for America.
So, we got a big problem that's Russia.
Obviously, it's obviously Russia.
Tons of things. You know, it is what it
is. You know, good luck trying to get
elected in this country, criticizing
Russia.
You criticize Russia, you will they
descend on you big time.
Every year I see one or two people,
maybe more,
in my business have to clarify that
they're actually not being anti-Russian.
It's a thing people have to do it. They
come out and they go, "My support for
Georgia does not mean I am
anti-Russian."
And I just want to let people know that
I've never been anti-Russian. I have
Russian friends.
So
there's a huge Russia connection in
these documents. The ex-p prime minister
of Russia used to stay at Epstein's
house. Epstein's personal lawyer,
um, Allan
Moscow face
is, uh, very big proponent of
Russia and Russian interests. There he
is. So, it's obvious the even the
president's daughter,
which is kind of a rare thing, converted
to being Russian.
kind of a rare thing because her husband
Jared St. Petersburgitz
was Russian and the daughter did you
know this converted to being Russian.
So it's interesting. So Trump has a lot
of respect for Russia and Russians. So
that that's what is being said. By the
way, what I just said is being said on
CNN with a straight face and MSNBC
and with a straight face. They're saying
that this is a she's a Russian asset
that Jeffrey Epstein worked for Russia
and that if you and if you think
anything can we get can we get Alan
Dersitz up here talking about the
Epstein Israel connection which I think
is hilarious. My favorite thing ever
Alan Durwood said he goes he didn't work
for the MSAD if he did I would have
gotten I would have gotten him like a
better deal or a better
And again, none of this has anything to
do with Jewish people or with Israel as
a place. It has to do with uh powerful
governments, the deep state of Israel,
working with America and billionaires
who are completely
transforming a narrative in front of
your face
to completely with your sense of
reality of what you know to be true. You
know that Jeffrey MC is not a Russian
asset. It's hilarious. You know that
Russia has very little power in America.
And if if Jeffrey Epste had worked for
Russia, everybody in this country would
know about it immediately and you would
have known about it years ago because
we'd be using it as a pretext to go to
war with them. We've been we'd be using
it immediately.
I mean, so it's just amazing. But again,
it's just it's one of those things where
you you you have to just um even Kyle
Writtenhouse is calling for Pam Bondi's
resignation. That's got to be tough,
huh? Even Kyle Writtenhouse is weighing
in here. Kyle Writtenhouse has had
enough. When you've lost Kyle
Writtenhouse, you know, things aren't
well.
Um so, we obviously have a national
security issue that does not have to do
with Russia. It has to do with Israel if
you're not an idiot. And that's one of
the reasons that this is an
uncomfortable discussion for a lot of
people in Washington. And there's a lot
of anti-semitism where people will
literally say this is a cabal of all
Jewish people that have ever existed or
whatever. And you it's easy to find
that. You can find that easily. But if
you're an intellectually honest person,
you have to look at this and go, "Oh,
he's clearly working with Israel to some
degree. He has deep deeply entrenched
interests and relationships with that
country. Why would Miriam Allison be
funding all this money for Thomas
Massiey's race? It doesn't make any
sense.
It makes absolutely no sense that a
billionaire who splits her time between
Israel and wherever Dallas, I don't know
where the hell she lives, but would
would care about Thomas Massie. It makes
absolutely no sense that she'd give a
about a congressman where in Ohio,
Kentucky. I think he's Kentucky. But why
would she give a Why would she be
dumping tens of millions of dollars into
this race?
Why?
His main issue is is the transparency of
these of these files. He wants him out.
So, if you're trying to stop these files
from coming out, we got to we got to
look at why why would you care? And I
think it's fair to say that Mary Madison
doesn't want them out because it's
embarrassing for Israel. It's like
obvious to to most people. you ha I
you'd have to pay me so much money to to
to not say that because it would go
against every logical fiber of my being.
I'd have to come out and go, well,
Miriam has always believed that, you
know, there's lots of issues that she
cares about and Thomas is No, it's it's
100% true. Now, the free press can do
whatever they want. they can bring on
anyone in the world to say that this
wasn't a trafficking operation and it
had nothing to do with it because by the
way they they tried they're like well
actually nothing was happening and
you're like okay actually he wasn't
involved with intelligence you're like
all right then the files came out and
they're like well it's actually Russian
intelligence you're like you just said
it was nothing WELL NO IT'S RUSSIA IT'S
actually Russian intelligence he hated
Israel he emailed one time he hated
Israel you know what I mean it's like
I've emailed I hate ate ice cream. It's
not the truth. You know what I mean?
Like it's where's what's the pattern of
behavior here.
So, we have uh we have a little bit of
an issue uh geopolitically with this,
which is why it's been such a sticky
situation. And everybody
who's honest will tell you that. I have
I I know smart people. I know connected
people. And they all tell you that. It's
not even a secret behind the scenes at
all. There's actually nobody of any
intelligence behind the scenes that
suggests any other rationale for this.
They're not like, well, it could have
BEEN A LOT OF different things like
working for Israel and he got a little
nutty. He got a little nutty.
Now, I'm not saying every they were like
approving everything he did obviously,
but there was clearly some knowledge
about what the man did. No one's friends
with Jeffrey Epstein and has no idea
what he's doing. Nobody has no idea.
There's got to be a little There's a
little
You're at least You're at least curious
about what he's doing. Your wife's like,
"Why does he have that island, Tom?" I
don't know. He's like He likes nature.
Is that what he likes, Tom? Nature?
Yeah. You should see how passionate he
is about the beach and all the
different, you know, cuz he it's amazing
all the different animals. It's like a
nature preserve. It's a nature preserve.
That's what he's preserving, Tom.
Nature. Yeah. And that's what you did
there. You went and you What did you
talk about on that island with him?
Well, we just talked about how to start
another like human race. That's it.
That's all you talked about is how to
start another human race with his DNA.
That's it. You sure? Yeah, it's just all
he wanted to discuss was like what if
there was another human race? It was
just like him.
Okay, Tom.
Fine. What else? Well, you also talked
about like t like time traveling. Would
it affect like could you get hard if you
like traveled through time to like
someone in another dimension? So, that's
all you discussed, Tom. That's all you
discussed is if you went through time
travel, would you still be able to get
an erection to someone in another
dimension? That's all you talked about.
Nothing else. That's really it. So
that's all you talked about was seeding
a new human race with his DNA and then
going potentially to another time and if
you could get blood to your penis so you
could have sex with a child in another
dimension. Yeah. I mean, not a child per
se, but like that's kind of what it was.
All right, fine. If that's all you
talked about, I'm fine with it. I'm fine
with it. if that's all you discussed.
But I don't want you doing anything bad.
No, it's just talk.
Norwegian crown princess met Marit
Jeffrey Epstein on November 2012. Soon
people won't be able to make new humans
anymore. We can just design them in a
lab. Whoa.
Pretty cool.
Okay, so this is um this is uh this is
from uh HKH Kron Princessin to Jeffrey
Epstein and this is 2012
and here's what she writes to him. You
always make me smile because you tickle
my brain. But I want the data from now.
Now, by the way, before I read this
email, you are getting
a glimpse into how the ruling class
deals with each other and a lot of them
like yes, evil, yes,
you know, soulless, but also we can't
forget kind of not the
smartest. A lot of dad jokes, a lot of
dumb Like it you're not impressed
with a lot of these emails. You're kind
of like disturbed that like these are
cannibal pedophile Satanists.
You're like, "Oh, this is not the like
even the Luciferians have got to be like
like like they're even they're like,
well, these people are kind of like
look." Do you think that's a discussion
they have like the Luciferian elite? Do
you think they're even like the new
people are just I mean these people?
It ain't what it used to be. It ain't
what it you because nothing is. So even
in the satanic blood cult it still has
to be they're like there's these people.
They don't they don't even know how to
run their home. They don't even know how
to run their estates. So many times I'll
get a call from someone going can you
help me out? There's blood in the barn.
You know, they burned down like two of
their houses on their property in a
ritual. These people just they don't
have it. They don't have it like we used
to have. Because that these are the
conversations that are happening, by the
way, with the Luciferian elite somewhere
in Switzerland. Some guy's putting a a
little a little cheese fondue into his
mouth and going, "They just don't have
Do you know how you know how much stuff
I've had to clean up literally and
figuratively?
You always make me smile because you
tickle my brain, but I want the data
from now. Or is or the bill is mine. Is
it the cocktail of all the unnaturals
that have a profound effect on the early
stages of development in humans? Soon
people won't be able to make new humans
anymore, but I guess that would be la
and great. We can just design them in a
lab.
Well, interesting fun. We have a
returning sponsor from back in the day.
One of our favorite sponsors ever,
sheath underwear. Sheath underwear of
legends and is one of those legends. I
love sheath. It's all I wear. Created by
US Army soldier Robert Patton on his
second tour in Iraq. RI. Yeah. I mean,
this guy went to Iraq twice and I've met
him personally at Skankfest. He's a good
dude. He was actually one of the good
soldiers truly. He was leading a team
that was digging a tunnel to help Iraqi
children escape the war. And that's what
we're going with. He got he successfully
got a couple of thousand kids into the
tunnel and they were on their way out of
the war zone when unfortunately there
was an IED explosion above the collapsed
of tunnel and all the children died and
that is sad and it's horrible but the
intent was good.
Sheath underwear though is breathable.
Um it's the best underwear I've ever
worn. I love them. It has a nice
comfortable pouch to support the boys
instead of crushing everything together
improving comfort, hygiene, and
performance. They have over 20,000
fivestar reviews and 100 100% money back
guarantee on the first war. Go to
sheath.com, use promo code tim. Save 20%
off your purchase. All jokes aside, they
are the best underwear. Go to
sheath.com,
use promo code tim, you will love the
way you feel. Morgan and Morgan is a law
firm. I mean, if you're an Epstein
victim, I mean, hello.
I am sick. Can you believe that people
get in accidents and don't call an
attorney? What is wrong with these
people? Morgan and Morgan is America's
largest personal injury law firm. They
have 100 offices nationwide and more
than a thousand lawyers. With over $30
billion recovered for over 500,000
clients, Morgan and Morgan has a proven
track record of fighting to get you full
and fair compensation. If you were
injured by the negligence of another,
you deserve to be paid. If you're ever
injured, you can check out Morgan and
Morgan. Their fee is free unless they
win. That's right. Their fee is free
unless they win. To learn more, go to
forthepeople.comtim
or click the link in the description
below. That's fthepeople.comtim
or click the link in the description
below. This is a paid advertisement.
Jeffrey Epstein also ordered 330 gallons
of sulfuric acid and we want to and the
day the FBI opened an investigation into
him. What can you do with sulfuric acid?
You can do a lot of things.
Can you get up uses for sulfuric acid?
No, I mean literally because we got to
get we got to give we should give him
the benefit of the doubt.
Some people think he might have been
ordering it to dissolve the bodies of
people that he had killed.
fertilizer production.
Um, the largest use is producing
phosphoric acid, which is used to make
ammonium sulfate and phosphate
fertilizers. So maybe he was making his
own fertilizer for the island instead of
buying fertilizer.
Metal processing, pickling used in the
iron and steel industry to remove
oxidation, rust and scale from steel
sheets and billets before coating. Maybe
lead acid batteries, chemical
manufacturing, petroleum refining,
industrial cleaning and maintenance,
laboratory and industrial applications.
Due to its high acidity and
corrosiveness, it is a highly regulated
substance requiring careful handling.
Now, some people believe that they open
this investigation into him and he goes,
"Listen,
I I cpped a sweetheart deal." Now, when
did he get this? When they opened up the
first one or what?
When was this? Do we know exactly when
he ordered this? 2018.
Now, this is after he made that
sweetheart deal the first time. So, he's
saying to himself, I might be able to
survive
the sex trafficking angle of this. The
intelligence communities will say it's
not sex trafficking, and I'll be able to
say I groped a 17-year-old again. I'm
sorry. And we'll do the another
sweetheart deal. But but then Jiz Lane
before like but darling we've killed all
these people. And he's like right
right we did kill a lot. We killed a
lot. So then he's going well we got to
get rid of all these people we killed.
We got to get rid of them. We got to
burn we gota we got to dissolve them in
acid because I might be able and I bet
this is what went through his mind. I
think I'm right. I think I'm right. He
goes I'll make another sweetheart deal.
I they'll just write me off as a creep.
The intelligence side of this is going
to protect the trafficking stuff. You
got to remember the first time he's
accused there's like 200 victims and he
cops to touching one of them
inappropriately during a massage. He's
going, "Well, I'll just do that again."
HERE'S THE PROBLEM. He killed all these
people. Darling, we killed all these
people. Jeffrey, Jeffrey, you must deal
with it, darling.
Darling,
DARLING, WE'VE KILLED THEM ALL. JEFFREY,
you've got to kill them all. You've got
to dissolve them now, darling. Burn them
up. Dissolve them with acid, darling.
So Jane Maxwell, Jeffrey Epstein
spent decades trafficking young women,
children,
and and everyone in between and probably
young men and boys and what? God only
knows
allegedly.
But they did all of this and they were
supposed to believe that in but nobody
died, nobody got killed.
Jeffrey Axin's axe, by the way, get her
up. Karina, she said he's not part of
the Luciferian cult, but they do
sacrifice babies. THAT'S WHAT SHE SAID
ON X.
That's what his exgirlfriend said. She
said that. She goes, "HE'S NOT EVEN
INVOLVED WITH THAT." YOU GOT TO LOVE, BY
the way, nothing's better than like a
woman who has a guy's back. HE'S NOT
EVEN INVOLVED WITH the Luciferian uh
sacrifice to children. HE GOT INVOLVED
FOR MONEY. This guy, this woman Karina,
who's Jeffrey Epstein's ex-girlfriend,
literally is on X saying, "Yeah, he got
involved with these people. They're in a
cult. They sacrifice kids." But he was
just trying to make money. He's not even
involved with that. So, this woman's
coming out to defend this guy who I
don't even know. Is he dead? He might be
dead. He might be dead, but maybe he's
somewhere. Maybe he's in Russia. We
don't know where he is. We don't know
where he is.
And now they're hating on Less Wexter.
Why would they do that?
Why would they hate on Less, owner of
Victoria Secret, the limited brands?
They're saying he's a co-conspirator.
He's an old guy, Les Waxer. He'll
probably he'll probably exit stage left
soon, I would imagine. But you got to
get up this tweet from ex from Jeffrey
Epstein's ex-girlfriend because it is so
funny. It is just so funny.
The Overton window on this stuff has now
moved into like where it's like it's
completely
it's completely possible in polite
society right now to
say to yourself, "Oh, wait. Are they
cannibals? And you can say that now. You
can say that now at a lunch. You don't
you don't have to feel any type of way
of saying that at a lunch and bringing
it up going, "Well, did you see the did
you see the tweet from his ex-girlfriend
Karina who says that they're actually a
cult and they're sacrificing children."
However, Jeffrey wasn't even involved in
that. He was just in it for money. He
was JUST IN IT FOR MONEY.
And you could tell your kids. I mean,
that's a great story to tell your kids
and say if you prioritize money and you
get involved with money, there will be a
chance that you're running a human
trafficking operation
and that there are elements of that that
want you to procure children to be
sacrificed to Bal.
That's what happens when you prioritize
money.
That's why you should just do what you
love. But that's the thing with Jeff
Jeffrey Epste and this is also a
problem. He did what he loved and he was
good at it. This is a real issue and
this is something to wrestle with. Now
obviously he was evil but the man was
dialed in.
The man was locked in. He was in a flow
state.
That's part of the problem here. Part of
the problem is that this man was like
perfectly suited for what he did. He was
perfectly suited for what he did. He was
not at all in some type of like this was
not like like an unnatural place for
this guy to be. This guy fully this was
the life he was meant to live.
I don't know what that means. I don't
know that that's good, but this is the
life he was meant to live. There's no I
don't think he regretted anything
either. I don't think he regretted it. I
don't think Jeffrey Epstein regretted
it. I'm not again I'm not defending it.
Do you have this tweet up
now? This is um is this the tweet about
the cult?
>> Okay. Well, it is out there. We'll put
it on in uh post. Tulsi Gabbard is uh
being accused of uh something. We don't
know what she's being accused of. Um and
no one will tell us. No one will tell us
what Tulsi Gabbard is doing, but
apparently it's so bad. It's so
destructive. And listen, we've
criticized Tulsi Gabbard on the show.
Um, and you know, we like Tulsi a little
bit, but we also have criticized her
because, you know, again, we're
criticizing anyone that's, you know, not
calling for the complete and total
transparency with these files. Um,
Gabbard whistleblower complaint based on
interceptive conversation about Jared
Kushner, substance of the conversation,
which is in part
which covered in part issues related to
Iran.
So Tulsi Gabbard is like an anti-war
person and apparently she is
conspiring or two people are talking
about Tulsi Gabbard. The highly
classified whistleblower complaint
against director of national
intelligence Tulsi Gabbard is related to
a conversation intercepted last spring
in which two foreign nationals discussed
Jared Kushner according US officials
familiar with the matter. It couldn't be
determined which country the foreign
nationals are from or what they
discussed about Kushner, but the
connection to Kushner sheds further
light on the top secret whistleblower
complaint that bureaucratically stalled
within Gabard's agency for eight months
and was kept locked in a safe until it
reached Congress in heavily redacted
form last week. Senior Trump admin
administration officials said the claims
about Kushner were demonstrabably false
but declined to offer more specifics
about the conversation on grounds that
doing so could expose a highly sensitive
surveillance
method. The allegations in the
conversations please bring this make
this
the allegations in the conversation
about Kushner President Trump's
son-in-law would be significant if
verified. The allegations
in the conversation about Kushner,
President Trump's son-in-law, would be
significant if verified. I hope they're
not saying that Jared Kushner has
loyalty to another country besides
America. Cuz I don't believe it. I don't
believe Don't you dare, Tom. I don't you
dare. I won't believe it. I won't
believe if you spin some CRAZY LIE
THAT JARED Kusher is working on behalf
of the interests OF ANOTHER COUNTRY.
YOU'RE OUT OF HERE, PAL. YOU'RE OUT OF
HERE. If you try to say that I
will not believe you. The same Jared
Kushner who Benjamin Netanyahu used to
sleep in his room when Jared got kicked
out and went to the basement when the BB
would visit America. I don't believe it.
I won't believe it. I literally will not
believe it. The allegations in the
conversation about Kushner, President
Trump's son-in-law, would be significant
if verified, according to other US
officials familiar with his content, but
those officials agree there was no
corroborating evidence to support the
allegations. We don't even know what the
allegations are. I imagine they're not
going to say that this guy's uh working
with the Israelis or whatever because
that's like obvious. There's no you
don't even need a secret phone call for
that. By the way, I don't know what kind
of secret phone call you would need to
establish that HE'S KIND OF DOING IT
OPENLY. THEY'RE gonna This will go back
to Russia again. Watch. Watch. I watch
watch. It's gonna They're gonna be like,
"Well, he's with Russia." It would be
interesting. Kusher is at the center of
some of the administration's toughest
national security initiatives. He
devised the plan to rebuild Gaza and has
joined Trump envoy Steve Whit in
negotiations to end war in Ukraine and
dis dismantle Iran's nuclear network.
Um,
so there's apparently allegations
against Kushner
and it was based on a foreign
intelligence conversation collected by
the NSA.
I'm betting betting betting money it's
they're going to say it's Russia.
They're going to say that Russians
are talking about Kushner
and that he somehow is not to be trusted
and that he's back channeling outside of
the official negotiations or something.
I don't think it's going to be Israel.
We don't know. But apparently the NSA
and then Tulsi Gabbard's involved in
this how she's got really nothing to do
with Israel. I imagine they're gonna say
it's something to do with Russia because
Tulsi is involved in this too. This is
my guess. Keep going here. Like in
Trump's first term, which he
orchestrated peace talks between Israel
and Arab nations, Kushner touts his
business background as an asset.
What are all these business backgrounds,
by the way? All these business
backgrounds are seeming kind of fake,
aren't they? All these people that just
lose money and go bankrupt and then get
more money. What are all these business
backgrounds? All these people have. They
all get bailed out by somebody
somewhere. And we're all supposed to
believe that this is all happen stance
or the result of someone's uh business
acumen. They're all it's a genius. And
all these people just have money and go
bankrupt and lose all their money and
somehow reconstitute their wealth.
They're able to get all the money back
all the time. And they never have any
they have financial problems, but
they're never apparent to anyone because
they're all still doing quite well.
So, isn't that odd to people? So, it's
it's it it's strange. Again, the Kushers
for many years had this building in New
York, 666,
I believe, was the address. Um, either
Fifth or Park Avenue, and it was like a
building that they like they had to
sell. It was like going get this up, get
six Kushner's building up in in New York
City. And they had all these financial
problems with this building. I think
they like finally sold it. They had all
these issues
and Kushner's
father
blackmailed his brother or Kushner's
uncle blackmailed his father, hired a
hooker, filmed them. I mean, they're
nice, fun people. They're just fun
family people.
Yeah. Kusher Companies purchased 666 Fth
Avenue for 1.8 8 billion in 2007, a
highly leveraged deal and its struggle
with debt and vacancy. After failed
redevelopment plans, they sold a 99-year
lease to Brookfield Asset Management in
2018.
So, here's the deal. They purchased this
in 2007,
Kushner's family firm. It was at the
most expensive office building purchase
in Manhattan history. Failed
redevelopment. Kusher Company's planned
a massive overhaul of the 39story tower
into a 1400 foot mixeduse skyscraper
with Zaha Hadid Architects famous
architects done a lot of great buildings
one 10,000 museum in Miami or whatever
it's called thousand museum the 2018
deals asset management acquired the
99-year ground lease in 2018
which allowed the Kushner companies to
exit the struggling investment
um The Kushers needed a bailout for
Jared. There you go. Take a go to the
right. Go to this article here to the
right. The Cushers needed
The Kushers needed a bailout for Jared's
bad bet in New York, but still have a
full portfolio in New Jersey. So now
this is that's an article
from 2018,
I believe. If you go up, let me see when
it was written. August 12th, 2018. Um,
and they're talking about this openly
that like they made a bad bet. They
needed a bailout. I'm not saying people
don't get bailed out. I'm not saying
these things don't happen. Obviously,
um, Jared Kushner's ill-advised bet on
New York City real estate has finally
played out with an exit strategy that
will allow his family's real estate
company to emerge from more than 1
billion of debt on a 41-story Manhattan
office tower. Here's what I'm
throwing out there. I think it's kind of
interesting.
And again, I don't want to be uh too
conspirator. This is not a great week
for the people that say conspiracies are
fake and everyone who believes in them
are dumb. Huh. That's not a great week.
It's not a great week. Um,
is it possible that some of these bad
real estate bets,
stock bets, whatever,
are rescued?
But then the people that are getting
rescued
are then
to a degree controlled by the people
that have arranged the rescue.
It's something to think about at the
very least. It's something to think
about if you can exit a deal and wash a
billion in bad debt.
Are you are you potentially
in the in the debt of the people who
arranged that deal or who helped that
deal happen or who allowed you to
escape?
Is this is this I don't know. Is this is
this a crazy thing to suggest? I I don't
know. I I I don't know.
Now, get up Jared Kusher's father and
his brother. We've talked about this on
the show before. And the hooker and the
blackmail. This seems to be kind of a
thing.
I believe Kushner's father
in 20 2004 to 2005, Charles Kushner, a
wealthy real estate developer,
Democratic owner, and father of Jared
Kushner, pleaded guilty to 16 counts of
tax evasion, witnessed retaliation,
making false statements to the Federal
Election Commission. case prosecuted by
Chris Christie
included a widely reported sorted
revenge plot against his own sister and
brother-in-law. Charles Kushner was
furious that his brother-in-law William
was cooperating with federal
investigators in a tax evasion case
against him. Kushner hired a prostitute
for 25 grand to seduce his
brother-in-law at a New Jersey motel.
Kushner had the sexual encounter
secretly filmed and sent the videotape
to his sister Esther to intimidate them.
Instead of being intimidated, the
shoulders turned the tape over to
federal prosecutors leading to the case
against Charles Kushner. So this is what
the Kushner family is like about. This
is like how they operate. So I'm just
wondering what these allegations are
against Jared Kushner, what they are,
what they mean. And Kushir is married to
Ivanka Trump who's Donald Trump's
daughter. So this is interesting. Again,
imagine explaining this to somebody from
another planet who had just landed. So
the guy in charge of the Middle East
peace plan and rebuilding Gaza and
ending the Ukraine war with Russia, the
Russia Ukraine war, married the
president's daughter in 2018. got bailed
out of a billion dollar bad real estate
deal in New York. This guy's father
blackmailed his sister and his
brother-in-law
because of
dealings and tax evasion
dealings and shady business dealings
that went wrong. He tried to intimidate
his brother-in-law and his sister and
instead of being intimidated,
they they turned the tape over to
federal prosecutors and Charles Kushner
served 14 months in a federal prison
camp in Alabama and 10 months in a
halfway house in New Jersey. His son
is negotiating. So Kushner is like one
of the most influential people in the
world, Jared Kushner. And we don't know
much about him other than that his dad
tried to blackmail his sister. They made
a very bad billion-dollar bat. Netanyahu
used to hang out with the family when he
visited New York um and stay in
Kushner's room assault known. And now
supposedly there's some weird
intelligence complaint about Tulsi
Gabbard or whatever. I don't know. I
don't know. I'm just I'm wondering about
all these business deals that everybody
has and I'm just I'm I'm curious as to
like how this all works. How this all
works. What you will see over the next
few months now with a lot of the people
in the ruling class that want to retain
their powers of position and wealth and
it's going to happen over the next six
days, but we're just talking we're going
to we're going to walk it out a little
bit. They're all going to start to turn
on the people in these files. the people
in these files are going to resign from
boards, from organizations. They're
going to step back and then they're
going to transfer all of their money to
someone else for legal reasons, um, for
public relations reasons, for all of
that. And it's going to come out, the
stuff in this, uh, all these files is
going to come out and it's going to get
really bad. There's going to be
sacrificial lambs. They're going to
throw somebody out and go, "This guy's a
scumbag, that one's a scumbag." Um,
it'll be old people. It'll be people
that are dying. It'll be whatever. Um
and and then they will kind of try to
move on past this this they'll put the
the blanket over it and they'll go well
let's move on. This was actually
nothing. There was a couple of creeps.
Few bad apples. Remember Abu Grapes? A
few bad apples. It was a design program.
It's actually a good analogy. When it
came out the troops uh you know those
photos of like people in Iraq the
cigarette chick the torturing and the
they go oh it's a few bad apples. And it
turns out, no, it was a meticulously
designed program by the CIA and it was
being administered all over the world in
these black sight torture prisons. In
the same way that they're going to say
that this is a few bad apples, a few
creeps, a Prince Andrew, a Jeffrey
Epstein. No, it's a meticulously
designed way of doing business that
people even do, they even do it with
their own family. Even do with their own
family. GO, NO, NO, we're gonna we know
that that works. We're going to do it
close to home. So this is a this is a
wellestablished order of doing business
and always has been. And the idea that
like this is not somewhat institutional
or that this isn't serving existing
power dynamics and propping them up and
preventing them from being questioned is
insane. So, anyone who's saying that
stuff is completely crazy and we'll see
more about what happens here in the next
um in the next few weeks. But I I I I
imagine that the the Get Up Massie get
up what Thomas Massie is saying. I
imagine that
the
drum beat to release these
that's coming out right now, you're not
going to be able to get you're not going
to be able to like you're not going to
be able to stop this. You're not going
to be able to stop this. This is going
to come out. This is going to come out.
And what's interesting about Jared
Kushner, by the way, is he didn't want
an official role in this administration.
He wanted to just kind of float.
It's true. He wanted to do his own
thing. She wanted to do his own thing.
She wanted to do his own thing. So, he
just wanted to kind of float. He didn't
want an official role. He's like, "Let
me let me be the I'm the negotiator.
Why is he negotiating all these deals?"
I mean, all all he provably did was make
this really weird real estate bet in New
York. You get bailed out. Why is he
negotiating all this stuff? I guess he's
a great negotiator.
So he's out there negotiating all these
new deals,
I guess, because he's so good at all
this stuff.
So here we go.
Thomas Massie is saying, "I'm not going
to be intimidating. President's
attacking me." So Massie and Roana are
really trying to get these files out,
the rest of these files out. What?
Here's the question. What will they do
to prevent this?
What will they do to prevent these files
from coming out? What exactly links?
We're not going into Iran.
Trump, to his credit,
told BB, "We're not going into Iran. As
of now, that's where we are. There's no
Iran for right now." BB came to the
White House going, "We want to go to
Iran." And Trump's like, "We're not
going into Iran." Thank Hey, thanks.
Thank you. We we get it, but they have
nuclear weap. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. We're not going into Iran. So, we
don't know what's going to happen or
where we're going to go domestically.
But this is the big story. And I know a
lot of people have built their careers
or at least
part of their careers on being like, I'm
the rational guy. Like, there's all
these conspiracy people and I'm the
rational one. I'm the guy that will tell
you that conspiracies are all invented
and they're all dumb and that everyone
who believes in them is dumb and that
everybody who entertains this sphere is
an idiot and the world needs to be
explained to them in a super simple way.
This is all of those people. These files
are are if is the destruction of their
credibility completely 10,000%. It's the
full full collapse of any credibility
that the debunkers
have that are running around talking
about uh that these conspiracy. This is
This is all of these congressmen, by the
way, congressmen, congresswoman,
senators, people that are looking at
these unredacted files, their
minds are blown. Their minds are
blown. And they're going, whoa,
whoa. The Sultan, I liked the torture
video. Or Jeffrey, was Jeffrey the one
responding saying, I like Yeah, Jeffrey
was saying, I liked the torture video
that the Sultan sent him. These people
are emailing about this They don't
care. They're emailing about it. They
don't care. There's no fear that they're
ever going to get in trouble for any of
this. I like the torture video. That was
a good one. I enjoyed the torture video.
And it was sent by this guy, Sultan
Ahmed bin Sullem, who has now resigned
as CEO of DP World after DOJ documents
exposed his ties to Absson.
He's a glo wait, what was he? Go up a
global shipping executive.
A global shipping executive. What was he
shipping?
I'm in China. will be in the US second
week of May. Where are you? Are you
okay? I love the torture video to the
Sultan who's a billionaire and a global
shipping executive, by the way.
So, that's a fun business, huh?
Shipping.
Anyone trying to say that like this is
all fake or invented has no credibility.
Their credibility is completely
collapsed. You don't even have to listen
to them. They all they're either getting
paid or they're they're they're being
stupid for a reason and it's either
disingenuous, they're making money or
whatever. But the the the idea that
all of this stuff adds up to nothing,
that it all adds up to nothing, and the
idea that this was somebody who like
hooked up with a 17-year-old who looked
23, that that's a lie. Let's smash that
narrative. That isn't true either, by
the way. Um, yeah, play this. This is a
drop site news thing. We had um Ryan
Grim, who we like, but let's let's This
is someone who who had a chance to
review these unredacted documents.
>> To review any of the unredacted files
over at the DOJ, the Epstein files.
>> I did.
>> You did?
>> Yeah, I just came from there.
>> What can you tell us?
>> There's a bunch of sick And and
and I mean anything more that we don't
know. I feel like that's pretty well
established.
>> I know. I think I think the part that is
just so disgusting.
>> Yeah.
>> Is that so many people knew?
>> Did he have any ties?
>> So here's the other thing. This is the
thing about conspiracies. And this is
the this is the one
this is the one thing they always say.
They go, "Well, how could how could so
many people keep their mouth shut?
There's no way conspiracies could could
exist because there's so many pe so many
people would have to be in on it. That's
like the dumb guy thing that everyone
says, but so many pe No, no. Yes, so
many people can be. But people keep
their mouth shut about a lot. People
keep their mouth shut about a lot.
Threaten their money, threaten their
food, threaten their family. You don't
even have to threaten. It's implied.
It's implicit. They know if they open
their mouth, they're opening themselves
up to liability legally, financially.
People shut their mouth. People shut
their mouth all the time.
How could people There's so many people
that would have to keep quiet about it.
And they will. They will. What are we
running around with a bunch of heroes in
this country?
What are you idiots? We got a
bunch of heroes in this country willing
to risk it all. I'M GOING TO RISK IT ALL
TO help some woman I don't know. Half of
those people WANT TO. THEY'RE JEALOUS.
THEY can't rape the women. What are you
talking about? We have a bunch of
heroes. They're going to risk life and
limb to help their fellow man. What
country do you live in?
get out of here. What country do
you live in? Well, so many people would
have to BE IN ON IT. NO. NO. They would
gladly be in on it. they would willfully
be in on it because they don't want to
make their lives any more difficult than
they already are. That's why they're not
coming to defense of any. They don't
care.
So many people would have to be No,
there's an enforced code of silence. And
you know what enforces it? Threats to
people's livelihood, their level of
comfort. And we're not talking about
poor people that have nothing to lose
here. We're talking about people that
HAVE A LOT OF MONEY. THEY HAVE A
position in society that they would they
don't want to lose. SO MANY PEOPLE WOULD
HAVE TO BE IN A WHY AREN'T THERE MORE
HEROES IN ASPEN?
WHY AREN'T THERE MORE HEROES IN ASPEN ON
THE SLOPES?
Aren't they heroic? Where's Where's all
the heroes in Palm Beach? Where are all
the hero? Where's the Where's the the
the uh the spirit that founded
the country? The spirit of the of the
people that fought the British.
What?
Can you imagine? Can you imagine it for
a second? You're in Aspen. You wake up
at the lodge.
It's snowing outside.
You have a cup of coffee. Um,
and someone comes up to you and they go,
"Did you you know that guy Jeffrey
Epstein?" You go, "Do you think he's
trafficking
women and children?"
And like, now half of them, let's be
honest, half of their response is, "Oh,
I'm like also doing that." And then they
go, "Is there good money in that? You
have no idea. You have no idea what a
good business it is." That's half of
them. Half of them go, "Oh, I'm I'm
actually doing that. I'm also doing
that. You're doing that? I heard you
were doing that now. That's good
business there. Oh, yeah. We just get We
put them on. We've got a sultan who's a
billionaire. He's shipping. We throw him
in a crate. Interesting.
Are you getting the waffle? Do you want
to split the waffle?
That's half of them. Now, the other half
would go like this. Okay. So, like best
case, best case. Worst case, they're
also trafficking women and children in
Aspen. When they say that, that's the
worst case. They go, "Oh, yeah. I know.
I've been to the island. I know exactly
what he's doing." You want Do you want
his number? That's worst case. Worst
case, they go, "Oh, you need his number?
I have his number."
Best case, they go like this. Somebody
goes, "I hear there's a guy, that
Jeffrey guy that we met. He's like a
shady guy. He's involved with
trafficking women and children. This is
what they do with the coffee." Ready?
Huh?
Do it again.
You just heard that Jeffrey Epstein was
trafficking women and children. You're
in Aspen, Colorado.
Fresh coat of powder on the hills on the
mountains. Fresh coat of powder on the
mountains. You're sipping coffee at the
lodge. You hear 9:00 a.m. Jeffrey Abson
trafficking women and children. Somebody
tells you, you know that guy Jeffrey we
met, he's trafficking women and
children. Your response,
huh?
That's that's what it was. That's what
it is. What do you think they're going
to do? Well, let's call the FBI right
now. Let's interrupt our vacation and
launch a crusade to destroy this
billionaire and ourselves in the process
cuz we're heroes. Heroes in Aspen.
We've got to We're
heroes. Most of these people, their
money is like fake. They know it's fake.
They know it's fake. They know it's
fake. They don't even know how they're
that rich. at these people.
God forbid this thing starts to
boomerang on them. They're all going,
God forbid they start looking at how we
have our money. How the do we have
our money? So, this idea that there's
just a bunch of heroes in this country
in Palm Beach or in the Hamptons.
They're in the Hamptons. are eating a
lobster roll and they're sitting there
and the the bugs are flying around and
it's humid and they're eating a lobster
roll in the Hamptons in the summer and
somebody comes up to them and goes,
"That guy Jeffrey, you know, I hear he
does weird with women and
children." Um, and they imagine that at
that point these people spring up out of
their seats in their in their pink uh
polos and their white linen, you know,
their white linen shirts and whatever.
and they spring up and they go, "This
can't stand.
Let's all bond together to make sure
that no woman or child is abused. We are
the heroes in the Hamptons.
They're Hampton's heroes." And then they
get in their Broncos, their old Bronco
trucks, and they drive around in their
BMW X5s,
and they all get in their cars, and they
go, "We're we're we're going, and we're
not going to we're not going to stop."
No, there there's not. And I've I've
only had money for about five years, and
I've met some of these people. I've been
in some of these environments. Um,
number one, normal people probably
wouldn't do anything either.
But the idea, some of them would. Some
people obviously have done it and
provably have risked a lot of their
professional life to to bring things
like this to light. There's been
journalists that have done it. I've had
them on the show. There are people that
have done it in real life. But like this
idea that the most privileged people,
the wealthiest people, the people who
they themselves don't want you looking
into whatever the hell they got going
on. The people that are from like
multi-generational
families, wealthy families that want to
be out of the public eye, that are very
private by their nature. The idea that
they're going to like spring into action
if they hear that someone's trafficking
women and children, the idea that
they're going to like while they're in
St. Lucia
walking on the beach, they're going to
spring into action and they're going to
go, I'm going to make it my life's
mission to uncover the truth. Here's
what you'll never hear.
Here's what you'll never hear if you're
at one of those dinners.
We got to get to the truth.
We got to get to the truth of this
bunny,
lover.
We're getting to the truth.
We're not going to keep living this life
where we bounce around the globe. We're
not living this very very lovely
kind of coddled life of boats and planes
and beaches and ski slopes. We're done
with that. We're getting to the truth
now.
They you marriage would collapse
immediately. Your marriage would
immediately collapse if you said to your
wife or your wife said to you, "I'm sick
of this
The Hamptons, the South of France, the
Amafi coast. What's it all for?
What's it all for? The kids in the best
universities,
money and houses everywhere, boats and
private jets. What the it for? If
we can't protect women and children,
that's what I want to. You would get
divorced
and you would get divorced and the
ATTORNEY WOULD TOTALLY GET IT. You go,
you go, "Um, hi. Hey, Bob. Hey, Bob. Hi,
Bob.
Hi, Bob. It's me." Listen. Listen. We
gotta talk. We got to talk. Susette has
lost it.
Bob the other night she launches into
some tirade. She goes, "I don't want to
go to the south of France anymore. I
want to save women and children. What is
this disease?
Is it a tumor? Do you think it's a
tumor?" I told her, we were on our way.
We're on a drive up to Monaceto. She
said, "I want to spend I want to
dedicate the rest of our lives to
helping women and children." And I said,
'I think you have a brain tumor. Should
we get her an MRI? They would think you
had a brain tumor.
Truly, if you said, I don't care about
this money. I want to get to the truth.
Anyone in that group would think you
have a brain tumor. I know enough of
these people and how they act. The young
kids are fun. You know, they play with
socialism like a board game while whilst
they sail around the globe. and uh and
their parents just, you know, just, you
know, request their presence at dinner
occasionally and they all kind of stare
at each other and then quietly eat food
and everybody's got something else going
on. But the idea that any of these
people at any time would say, "We're
going to jeopardize our entire standing
to launch a a full uh fullcourt press
here against this Jeffrey Epstein who's
backed by intelligence." Number one,
that shuts the convo down immediately.
You just go, "Yeah, he's in with
intelligence. We don't know what he's
doing. They're raping the kids, I think,
for us, for our safety." Oh, okay. I
thought it was something like that.
You know, there's nothing that there's
not there's nothing that quiets people
down. Like the the word intelligence
just shuts everyone up immediately. As
soon as you say this is intelligence or
that is intelligence, it scares off
local law enforcement. It scares off
federal law enforcement. And it scares
off everybody because it is assumed that
whatever is happening needs to happen.
That's exactly what intelligence means.
It means it's above your head. You
wouldn't understand it. But if you did,
you would know that it needs to be done.
Shut up. And if you inquire about it
anymore, you're opening yourself up to a
lot of problems here because you're
threatening on exposing the sensitive
nature of whatever intelligence thing is
going on. So all you all you would have
to say to to the Palm Beach set,
Hampton's, Aspen, whatever, Sea Island,
Georgia, you know, Santa Barbara, Napa,
anything you would have to say up there,
all you would have to say is um if it
even got there, you go, "Oh, he's
involved with intelligence. There's
something murky going on." But it would
never even get there. It would never
even get there because if you said you
wanted to help
children and women, people would think
you had a tumor. They would think you
had a tumor on your brain if you started
talking about any of this stuff because
there's this really shady guy and they
say these kids are disappearing and they
would go, "Oh, you have a brain. You
have a brain tumor. I have to divorce
you. I'm sorry."
That's really true. That's really That's
what it would be. So this IDEA THAT LIKE
EVERYBODY WOULD HAVE TO BE IN ON IT,
it's like no, no, no, no, no. It is the
most easily explained thing ever,
dummies.
And these are just people that don't
know how the world work. They don't know
anything about how the world works. So
they just talk. They just say things
they've heard other people say before.
Conspiracies are fake because it would
take too many people. People are
actually stupid. People are stu and this
is what dumb people say about other
people to feel like they're right.
People are too stupid to do
conspiracies. Actually, people are just
incomp this is like the Bill Maher
talking point, the brilliant Bill Maher
talking point, which to his credit, he
did come out and say, "Let's give QAnon
an apology." But like, and there's a lot
of smart people that have this talking
point where they're like, "Well, people
are actually too stupid."
No, no, no, no, no. They just don't want
to get involved. The more you have,
the more you risk.
And the minute anyone says the word
intelligence, you're out. You, oh yeah,
I get involved with them. The people
that killed Kennedy,
I'm going to start doing with them.
It's automatically assumed when you say
the word intelligence that these people
are the worst mix of criminal,
government. It's like everything you
don't want to with. You don't want
to with the mob. You don't want to
with the government. You don't want
to with cults. AND INTELLIGENCE IS
LIKE ALL OF THAT.
It's like all OF THOSE. IT'S ELEMENTS
FROM ALL OF THOSE things mixed together.
It's the ultimate you. If you don't
want, you don't want to play around with
that. You don't want to play around with
it because they have
tremendous power. But we we are unafraid
of them here because we are protected of
course by uh God and and his emissary on
earth. Candace Owens. Um Tim Dylan
comedy.com. Thank you. Good night.
Bye-bye.
